Dear all,

In order to improve service levels and forecast accuracy, the GDFT process for Europe is now aligned with the global standard.     it is highly important that you upload forecast in GDFT for the next 18 months as we need to share this with suppliers for a short and long term production plan.
Please take into consideration leadtime on the products when forecasting as this could cause several issues. Try to avoid putting last minute changes now for delivery in Feb, for instance as we won’t be able to react to your unforcasted demand.
 n those cases, before any forecast is added to GDFT, you should contact planners to check availability of the products. Ideally would be to forecast for month 2 – 3 but if there is an urgent request, you can check with planners. Also big volumes are recommended to be split in several months to easy production.

I have added Ryan and Jane to this recurrent communication that I have been sending for the last year as they are now leading a project for GDFT conformance. Jane/Ryan, please feel free to add or amend any of my comments, also please let me know if I should keep this reminder every month (as it is actually), or if you want to take this action on board as part of your development plan for GDFT conformance

European planners needs visibility in a longer period for planning their future production as some products have a very long leadtime and our suppliers requests at least 12 months demand forecast. For this reason, we need your forecast to be aligned with our so we can supply your expected demand. 
Could you please make sure that you update GDFT so that we receive a correct forecast? 

Can you please confirm that you are the planner responsible for the following countries? If you are not or you know the missing planners, please let me know any changes:
Australia: Elma.Moncada@KCC.COM
Egypt: Mohammed.Shareef@kcc.com
China: Ding, Ning Ning.Ding@kcc.com
Gulf Region: Quddus, Adil Adil.Quddus@kcc.com
Hong Kong & Korea: Li, Henry Henry.Li@kcc.com
India: Sayed, Tahir Tahir.Sayed@kcc.com
Israel: Reut Reshef Reut.Reshef@hkc.co.il
Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines & Malaysia: Tan, YokFoon YokFoon.Tan@kcc.com
Taiwan: Kenneth, Chang (Kenneth.Chang@kcc.com)
North America: Oster, Regina L roster@kcc.com
Brazil: Yepes, Maria A Maria.A.Yepes@kcc.com

Things to take into consideration:
-	Unforcasted Big volumes:  it will be better split quantities between weeks or months. This has to be communicated immediately to planners and Product managers as soon as possible and once agreed this needs to be updated in GDFT.
-	Safety stock levels for our codes. Sometimes we find volumes that are almost half of our safety stock. This would lead us to OOS situation in Europe and we won’t have margin to react to those volumes. For this reason is highly recommended GDFT so we can plan production for your demand
-	Productions lead time for your codes. I think it will be good for everyone to understand that some of the codes have lead-times of 13-14 weeks to be produced + transportation period to your location.

Please let me know if you need clarification or more detail information. I could share lead times and safety stock levels for the critical 
